Swope known issue (#5916)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/known_issues_network.adoc

[#known-issues-submariner]
== Submariner known issues

See the following known issues and limitations that might occur while using networking features.

[#cluster-management-addon-needed]
=== Without _ClusterManagementAddon_ submariner add-on fails
//2.8:24159

For versions 2.8 and earlier, when you install {product-title-short}, you also deploy the `submariner-addon` component with the Operator Lifecycle Manager. If you did not create a `MultiClusterHub` custom resource, the `submariner-addon` pod sends an error and prevents the operator from installing. 

> The following occurs because the `ClusterManagementAddon` custom resource definition is missing:

Reviewer: The following notification occurs...?

----
graceful termination failed, controllers failed with error: the server could not find the requested resource (post clustermanagementaddons.addon.open-cluster-management.io)
----

The `ClusterManagementAddon` resource is created by the `cluster-manager` deployment, however, this deployment becomes available when the `MultiClusterEngine` components are installed on the cluster. 

> When the `MultiClusterHub` custom resource is created, if there is not a `MultiClusterEngine` resource that is already available on the cluster, the `MultiClusterHub` operator deploys the `MultiClusterEngine` instance and the operator that is required, resolving the previous error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is not a `MultiClusterEngine` resource that is already available on the cluster when the `MultiClusterHub` custom resource is created,  the `MultiClusterHub` operator deploys the `MultiClusterEngine` instance and the operator that is required, which resolves the previous error.
```
